W-13160145-rtfctl-kubernetes-permissions-kt (#1162)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/rtfctl-permissions.adoc

= RTFCTL Kubernetes Permissions

> Understanding and enabling the specific permissions required over the Kubernetes resources is crucial for successfully running `rtfctl` commands. Properly configured role permissions are essential for seamless execution of `rtfctl` operations.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the first sentence means: "permissions required over the Kubernetes resources".
Do you need to introduce rtfctl? What is it and why do you need permissions?

If you flip these around and make them active - what does the user need to know and do?

To do xxx (run rtfctl to configure Kubernetes resources?), you must understand and enable specific permissions.

The second sentence is redundant with the first.

Reviewer: Global - if the UI uses this camelCase, then keep. Otherwise, use English for these. For example "API groups"

> The following table lists all the permissions that you configure using K8s RBACs (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/[Role based access control^]) in Kubernetes: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the permissions that you configure using Kubernetes RBACs (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/[role-based access control^]): 
```

Reviewer: For inline links, use lowercase. Compound adjectives get a hyphen.

Reviewer: If you're using K8s for Kubernetes, suggest defining it first.

Reviewer: The intro to the table should come immediately before the table. As it reads now, this intro applies to the bullet list rather than the table.

> * Namespace +

Reviewer: Our style is to put the + on a line by itself, which results in more line-spacing.

Reviewer: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/Formatting+with+Asciidoc#FormattingwithAsciidoc-ImplementListContinuation(akaIndentedParagraphs)

> The Namespace column indicates that the permission can be a Role based or ClusterRole based:

Reviewer: Should Namespace be bold, since it's a UI element?

Why is Role init cap? Hyphenate compound adjectives. 

Is ClusterRole a UI element?

> The Namespace column indicates that the permission can be a Role based or ClusterRole based:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permission can be role-based or cluster role-based:
```

>  ** Role based: the namespace can be for example, `rtf`, `<app-namespace>`, `rtf-validate`, or `kube-node-lease`.

Reviewer: If this is the complete list, no need to have "for example".

>  ** Role based: the namespace can be for example, `rtf`, `<app-namespace>`, `rtf-validate`, or `kube-node-lease`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ** Role-based: the namespace can be `rtf`, `<app-namespace>`, `rtf-validate`, or `kube-node-lease`.
```

>  ** ClusterRole: the namespace field doesn't exist there because it applies to the entire cluster, thus blank in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ** Cluster role-based: because it applies to the entire cluster, the namespace field doesn't exist and is blank in the table.
```

Reviewer: Assuming the field and the entry are different.

Reviewer: Should this be "ClusterRole-based" to be parallel with the previous?

> * apiGroups +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* apiGroups 
+
```

> The apiGroups column indicates the apiGroup that group K8s resources. When you create a Role, each K8s resource declares what is their apiGroups. When blank in the table, defaults to the core apiGroup. Refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-groups[API groups^] for details.

Reviewer: font?

> The apiGroups column indicates the apiGroup that group K8s resources. When you create a Role, each K8s resource declares what is their apiGroups. When blank in the table, defaults to the core apiGroup. Refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-groups[API groups^] for details.

Reviewer: Read this out loud: The apiGroups column indicates the apiGroup that group K8s resources. 

Another verb for group here? If group is correct, change to groups. (apiGroup groups)

Maybe simply:
The API group for the K8s resources.

> The apiGroups column indicates the apiGroup that group K8s resources. When you create a Role, each K8s resource declares what is their apiGroups. When blank in the table, defaults to the core apiGroup. Refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-groups[API groups^] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  API Group for the K8s resources. When you create a role, each K8s resource declares its API group or uses the core API group if not specified. Refer to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-groups[API groups^] for details.
```

> * Kubernetes Resource +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes Resource
+
```

> The Kubernetes Resource column indicates the type of Kubernetes resources, for example, `pods`, `services`, or `secrets` to which the permissions apply.

Reviewer: For all these, can you reduce the redundancy of "The xxx column" and just say:
Type of Kubernetes...

> * Verbs +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verbs
+
```

> The Verbs column indicates the actions that are allowed on the specified Kubernetes resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actions that are allowed on the specified Kubernetes resources.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols=".^a,.^a,.^a,.^a,.^a]
|===

> |`rtfctl` command |Namespace |apiGroups | Kubernetes Resources | Verbs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`rtfctl` Command |Namespace | API Groups | Kubernetes Resources | Verbs 
```

Reviewer: Column heads should be Title Case per our style.
